# linka_token
Blockchain is an innovative and disruptive technology equipped with the potential to change the world. 
Cryptocurrencies based on blockchain, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, are meaningful as a digital asset, but for their high volatility and slow speed, they lack the functionality to perform as a medium of exchange and a store of value, which are among the three main functions of currency. Therefore, cryptocurrencies are difficult to accept as currency and expansion is not easy. To overcome these issues, cryptocurrencies must be used widely as an intermediary asset for credit transactions and convenient to use for daily activities, similar to credit cards.

LINKA is an innovative project aiming to create a new currency called LINKA by using the blockchain technology and establish a new economic system where ‘consumption’ becomes ‘income’, as opposed to the conventional understanding that ‘consumption’ is ‘expenditure’. While the existing financial and payment systems present issues such as high costs related to credit rating, security, infrastructure and risk management, they also provide benefits and know-how. By tapping into those benefits and know- how, and utilizing the distribution ledger technology and smart contracts provided by the blockchain, LINKA will dramatically increase the usability of cryptocurrencies and provide innovative services. Token economy, which is carefully designed to ensure that the fruits of growth are fairly distributed to all participants in the ecosystem, including consumers, sellers, and financial companies, according to their contribution to growth, will create a new economy in which 'consumption' becomes 'income' and make this notion a new trend in finance.

In the centralized economies to date, only a small number of entrepreneurs and capitalists have monopolized wealth and this has caused social inequality. This is why people are so enthusiastic about a decentralization system as there is the expectation that individuals will play their roles as members of trust networks and will be compensated fairly. The LINKA project seeks to meet that expectation through consumption activities, which are the final destination of humans’ physical and mental labor. With LINKA, a blockchain-based credit and payment platform, we will unfold a win-win ecosystem in which consumption becomes income rather than expenditure and the initiative and benefits of finance, which have never been experienced by the mankind, will return to all participants.

Just imagine! The initiative of finance returns completely to each participating party, and a world where credit cards and cryptocurrencies can be used easily anytime and anywhere with a smart phone. Thanks to the blockchain-based P2P credit extension, the unbanked and underserved, who have been excluded from the existing financial system, will be included in the virtuous cycle of consumption and production and this virtuous cycle will proliferate across the world.
LINKA will make the entire mankind experience a new economic system in reality. Link a World!
